Alright, in this module of the course, we're
gonna take a look at KiteMatic. Now,
KiteMatic is a GUI tool for running
images Lena from Docker Hub. So the last
section of the course, or last
module of course, we took the.. what's
up on Docker Hub. KiteMatic is a GUI
tool. I'm gonna look at it in OS X. I
hear there's one available for Windows. I
personally have not used the Windows
flavor of KiteMatic, but we're gonna
take a quick use look at KiteMatic for
OS X, and just see how easy it is to work
with Docker images. Okay, so what we're
gonna do is take a look at KiteMatic
for OS X. You can see, I'm still in
Chrome looking at the MySQL repository,
and what I wanna do is I've
installed Docker natively for OS X. I can
see Docker is running. What I wanna
do is come in here, and I wanna open up
KiteMatic. Yeah, you can see that it
comes up, and this shows us a lot of the
available images here, so we can run
Jenkins, so we can run Postgres,
ElasticSearch, Solr, Ubuntu, CentOS
is out there too. So that there's a lot
of different things that we can run, a
lot of interesting stuff for us Java
developers, think so can run. One
thing I wanna do is this hello world
for KiteMatic. What I'm gonna do is
I'm just gonna come over here and click
on CREATE, and it's gonna go out
connected Docker Hub, download it, and
start it up for me. And we can see that
it's giving us a little web preview.
I wanna show you a couple of settings
here, and what's happened here, is this
shows us the container ID, the name of it,
some environment variables, and if we
look here, now that we're gonna get into
this later into the course more in-depth,
but it has a Docker port of 80, that's
the internal container and that is
mapped out to 32770
at localhost. And this is important to set up
a little Linux server, web server that's
running for us. I'm gonna come back
over here to Chrome, paste and go,
that localhost port. And boom! Now I am
running a web page out of that local
Docker container. The important concept to
remember is that port 80 is mapped to
port 32770. If you try this at home, I've noticed experimenting with this, that port
is kind of random, so it just give you a tip if you're following along at home for
this. You wanna go out and set up
that port there. So, check out that port
mapping, so from here, click on the image,
go to Settings, and then Ports, you'll
be able to see that port there.
Alright in this module of course, you're
able to see how easy it is to use
KiteMatic - to go out and find a Docker
image, that we wanna use out of Docker
hub, and start it up on our local machine.
So just a few mouse clicks away, we can
have a Docker container running
something out of Docker Hub, almost
instantaneously on our local system. So a
very cool feature, especially when we're
developing stuff, we can spool things up
pretty darn quick, for our local
development environment.